come to part three of Nintendogs bus cat
Nintendogs + Cats french bulldog and new
friends this is arrow the husky and so
far we have gone to the kennel picked
him out out of the nine breeds we have
named him and we have taught him sits
and now we have the options to go give
him stuff to wear and you'll find stuff
so that's what we're gonna do next and
also take pictures arrow there we go
perfect picture supplies okay now this
is what you will start off with this
five water five food five shampoos one
tennis ball five balloons a our camera
we will show you that an extra video for
a side video and a blue collar the blue
will matches okay so now we're just
going to go to we're gonna go go out
we're going to go shopping we're gonna
go buy some pet supplies I'm gonna go
buy some accessories too so I'm always
gonna get probably fifteen water I
already have five so I'm only gonna buy
ten I'll just start off with about fifty
and that should last me about a day or
two maybe and for water okay I don't
need formula I don't I haven't tried
formula yet but I'm ready to stick into
dry food and water for now bye great
choice and you can go easily get to the
shopping I'll show you guys the whole
menu alright after we're done and we're
gonna buy some biscuits - they have
different biscuits for different games
for the bone biscuits and there's
another like ball like that big so we're
just gonna get some regular biscuits
these are good for training your dog
when you're they're learning a new trick
or on walks I'll show you that in
another video
and you can also I think I'm going to go
ahead and buy both brushes right now and
get some shampoo don't buy the
they brush in the Comex those are for
cats as you can see cat cat cat dog dog
both so I don't know if you can actually
wash cats in this game I haven't
actually gotten a cat yet so we'll know
that another time get rubber bone of
course I could buy an extra leash if you
want but I don't really like the green
so I'm going to buy an orange flying
disc and I will buy a yellow lure that's
really pretty I love yellow and red buy
a soft cube because I know they always
like these and I think we're good oh and
some bubbles we definitely wanna buy
some bubbles yes so that is just the
first shop that you're mainly going to
shop in for the first time you play that
was part three there comes part forth